Sync ember-engines content with Ember Engines guides (#892)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/applications/ember-engines.md

Maintaining large monolithic applications poses the following challenges:

* `Side effects` - if you change something, it may be unclear how it could affect the rest of platform.
* `Coordination` - when you develop a new feature or make big changes, many teams may need to be in sync to approve it.
* `Complexity` - with a huge dependency tree and many layers of abstraction, developers cannot iterate quickly, and features suffer as a result.
* `Killing Innovation` - a/b testing a cutting-edge feature is hard to do without disrupting the rest of the app and the teams working on it.
* `Slow Onboarding` - new people coming into the team are overwhelmed.

Engines provide an antidote to these problems by allowing for distributed development, testing, and packaging of logically-grouped pieces of an application.

Engines are good for organizations that have multiple teams, where each team has their own area that is clearly separated from the others. The isolation is good when it matches organizational boundaries, but adds unnecessary complexity when there is not a good match.

> Engines are used by a number of organizations, including [LinkedIn](linkedin.com), [Chase](https://www.chase.com/), and [Square](https://squareup.com), to power sites with million of users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Engines are used by a number of organizations, including [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/), [Chase](https://www.chase.com/), and [Square](https://squareup.com), to power sites with million of users.
```

> Engines are used by a number of organizations, including [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/), [Chase](https://www.chase.com/), and [Square](https://squareup.com), to power sites with million of users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Engines are used by a number of large organizations to power sites with million of users.
```
